Document slow logs config for postgres (#5196)
DataDog/integrations-core: postgres/README.md

**Available for Agent >6.0**

> PostgreSQL default logging is to `stderr` and logs do not include detailed information. It is recommended to log into a file with additional details specified in the log line prefix.  Refer to the PostgresQL [documentation][13] on this topic for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL default logging is to `stderr` and logs do not include detailed information. It is recommended to log into a file with additional details specified in the log line prefix. Refer to the PostgreSQL [documentation][14] on this topic for additional details.
```

> PostgreSQL default logging is to `stderr` and logs do not include detailed information. It is recommended to log into a file with additional details specified in the log line prefix.  Refer to the PostgresQL [documentation][14] on this topic for additional details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PostgreSQL default logging is to `stderr` and logs do not include detailed information. It is recommended to log into a file with additional details specified in the log line prefix. Refer to the PostgreSQL [documentation][14] on this topic for additional details.
```

1. Logging is configured within the file `/etc/postgresql/<VERSION>/main/postgresql.conf`, for regular log results including statement outputs uncomment the following parameters in the log section:

    ```conf
      logging_collector = on
      log_directory = 'pg_log'  # directory where log files are written,
                                # can be absolute or relative to PGDATA
      log_filename = 'pg.log'   # log file name, can include pattern
      log_statement = 'all'     # log all queries
      #log_duration = on
      log_line_prefix= '%m [%p] %d %a %u %h %c '
      log_file_mode = 0644
      ## For Windows
      #log_destination = 'eventlog'
    ```

> 2. To gather detailed duration metrics and make them searchable in the Datadog interface, they should be configured inline with the statement themselves.  See below for the recommended configuration differences from above and note that both `log_statement` and `log_duration` options are commented out. See discussion on this topic [here][15]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. To gather detailed duration metrics and make them searchable in the Datadog interface, they should be configured inline with the statement themselves.  See below for the recommended configuration differences from above and note that both `log_statement` and `log_duration` options are commented out. See discussion on this topic [here][15].
```

**Available for Agent >6.0**

PostgreSQL default logging is to `stderr` and logs do not include detailed information. It is recommended to log into 

> a file with additional details specified in the log line prefix.

Reviewer 2: There is no limitation on number of char per line, we should avoid having break lines in middle of sentences.

> 1. Logging is configured within the file `/etc/postgresql/<version>/main/postgresql.conf`,

Reviewer 2: The placeholder format it `<PLACEHOLDER>`.

```suggestion
1. Logging is configured within the file `/etc/postgresql/<VERSION>/main/postgresql.conf`,
```

>    for regular log results including statement outputs uncomment the following parameters in the log

Reviewer 2: ditto for break line

      #log_destination = 'eventlog'
    ```

> 2. To gather detailed duration metrics and make them searchable in the Datadog interface, they will need to be 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. To gather detailed duration metrics and make them searchable in the Datadog interface, they should be 
```

>    configured inline with the statement themselves.  See below for the recommended config, note that counterintuitively 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   configured inline with the statement themselves.  See below for the recommended configuration, note that 
```

Reviewer 2: ditto on line break

>    both `log_statement` and `log_duration` options are commented out.

Reviewer 3: I can't see the `log_duration` option, is that a typo?

Author: True - in the default config the option is commented out, but not showing that line here as well is confusing.

>    This config will log all statements, but to optionally reduce the output to those which have a certain duration,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   This config logs all statements, but to reduce the output to those which have a certain duration,
```

>    set the `log_min_duration_statement` value to the desired minimum ms:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   set the `log_min_duration_statement` value to the desired minimum duration (in milliseconds):
```

    ```conf
      logging_collector = on
      log_directory = 'pg_log'  # directory where log files are written,
                                # can be absolute or relative to PGDATA

>       log_filename = 'pg.log'   #log file name, can include pattern

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      log_filename = 'pg.log'   # log file name, can include pattern
```

>       log_min_duration_statement = 0    # -1 is disabled, 0 logs all statements

Reviewer 3: Should we keep `-1` as a default, so that users don't inadvertently start sending all their queries to Datadog right after copy-pasting the config?

Author: If they turn on logging with the previous stanza, they would be sending all the queries already, this change just adds the duration field.

They will need to restart the server before the changes take effect anyway, so there is some protection from inadvertently uncommenting something.

                                        # and their durations, > 0 logs only
                                        # statements running at least this number
                                        # of milliseconds
      #log_statement = 'all'     #log all queries
      log_line_prefix= '%m [%p] %d %a %u %h %c '
      log_file_mode = 0644
      ## For Windows

>       #log_destination = 'eventlog'

Reviewer 3: I see this snippet duplicates options from step 1) that aren't immediately relevant to collecting duration metrics, e.g. `log_filename`, `logging_collector`, etc. Should we switch this into "To gather detailed duration metrics, comment out `log_statement` and add the `log_min_duration_statement`"?

Reviewer 3: Also maybe if there's official PostgreSQL docs on this, we can probably link to it for users to find more info by themselves (e.g. one relevant question might be "why do I need to comment out `log_statement`?").

Author: Good point - updated the preceding paragraph.

    ```yaml
      logs:
          - type: file

>             path: </path/to/logfile>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            path: "<LOG_FILE_PATH>"
```

            source: postgresql
            sourcecategory: database

>             service: <myapp>

Reviewer 3: I don't think these changes go well with the introduction line - it's not enough anymore to "add this block", users need to edit it. So maybe switch the sentence to "Add and edit this configuration block […]"?

>             service: <myapp>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            service: "<SERVICE_NAME>"
```

[1]: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/DataDog/integrations-core/master/postgres/images/postgresql_dashboard.png
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/account/settings#agent
[3]: https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/blob/master/postgres/datadog_checks/postgres/data/conf.yaml.example

> [4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[4]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#start-stop-and-restart-the-agent
```

[5]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/autodiscovery/integrations/
[6]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/docker/log/

> [7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6#agent-status-and-information

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[7]: https://docs.datadoghq.com/agent/guide/agent-commands/#agent-status-and-information
```
